

	FullSync 0.8 [12.10.2004]


WARRANTY

	This software comes with absolutly no warranty. 
	use this software on your own risk.
	

RESTRICTIONS
	
	Because it is a lot shorter to mention the things that work
	then the things that are missing, here are the things you
	can try and which should work "ok":

	publish and update

	For example you can publish your website that is locally 
	stored to a remote site and update all local changes 
	(add/delete/modify) to the remote site. 
	If a file is remotely changed you will be notified. 
	Additional files in the destination will be ignored as long as
	there are no matching files in the source.
	If files are deleted in the source they will also be deleted
	in the destination.

	This works only with destination buffering,
	source buffering will result in no actions.

	You can specify file, ftp and sftp urls.


HOW TO SET UP SYNCHRONIZATION

	You need the source directory (best it's local, haven't tested
	ftp or sftp source locations, yet).

	You need a destination directory. It's best to use an empty
	one as buffer initialization is not working yet, so fullsync
	will not accept existing files even if they are the right ones. 

	Now put the sample.syncrules into the source directory and name
	it ".syncrules". this file will tell fullsync which files to 
	synchronize and configures some basic rules. The sample file 
	is good enough for a simple publish/update. It will make fullsync
	look for more rule files only at the source, recurse through 
	directories, use ignore and take rules and allows deletion at 
	destination. normally this ruleset will accept any file, except 
	it matches to an ignore rule, except it matches to an take rule. 
	that means "take" is used to specify exceptions that should not 
	be ignored. in this case all files beginning with a dot will be 
	ignored, except the	rules files which will be copied to the 
	destination. You can edit them and add new ones, if you have
	base knowledge of regular expressions.

	The next and final step is to set up a profile in FullSync.
	Just click the add profile button and specify the data requested.
	The profile name is your choice, source and destination are
	urls which should look like this:
		file:/E:/some/path
		file:/home/mypath
		ftp://yourdomain.com/some/path
		sftp://yourdomain.com/some/path

	Enable buffering at the destination and type in authentification
	data where needed. Your password is stored encryped on the drive.
	If you use the sample rules file you should use UPLOAD in the
	ruleset field as all the rules in our file apply to the 
	ruleset "UPLOAD".

	If you now run the profile hopefully a new window appears (this
	can take up to some minutes) with the actions that might be done. 
	you can change the actions by right-clicking them and choosing 
	another one. Be aware that this might result in bad behaviour so 
	be careful to not change too many things there. For example if you 
	choose "Ignore" where a directory was created before, the files 
	within can not be properly written and an exception may occur. 
	If you can, prefer doing the needed changes yourself and rerun 
	the profile.

	Keep in mind that it is a preview release, so there might happen
	some strange things. also there is no need to inform me about
	bugs yet as i know that there are still a lot in there and i don't
	have problems finding them, yet :).

	I do not give any warrenties that the program does the right things
	and it might happen that your data is lost, so you should make some
	backups anyway. (althought, in the only sync process available the 
	source files should not be touched at all.)
